---
layout: post
title: "Whoa."
date: 2012-06-01
author: "Stephanie"
comments: true
categories:
---

Well… Its unofficially official? The past few weeks have been full of little bits of information but pretty much nothing new. Its been great. (sarcasm??)

After we got the last bit of information from Bazaarvoice about a month ago with the unofficial offer and whatnot for us to talk over, apparently the next step was for Lee to tell them that we were in so they could draw up the paperwork… I missed that tidbit, so I thought we were waiting on them to do something… Not so much.  Anyway, last week, Lee got the last of his questions answered and gave a verbal agreement. (YAY!)

At this point, we are waiting to get the official offer back from BV. Even though we've pretty much already received the terms of the offer, we don't have anything officially on paper yet. Hopefully that will happen soon (like the next few days?) and we can kick this into gear. Especially since apparently this paperwork will say that Lee has an official start date at the London office of August 27. Which is in less than 3 months.  Whoa.

This all makes the next few months absolutely insane. If the timeline works out, I only have to work for about another month at the job I'm so beyond ready to quit. (YAY!) Then we'd go to London for about a week to find a flat. (Yes, a flat. I'm learning the lingo!) Then, I'll have about a month to pack up our stuff and figure out what gets stored and what goes with us, while Lee finishes out things at his office here, and then we are off. Whoa again.

So unofficially official is where we are now. Lee and I were talking last night, and we kind of think we are past the point of no return, which is fine, because we really want to do this. We just feel crazy. I've been to London. For less than 3 days. Nearly 5 years ago. Lee has never been at all. And we are making a major decision about where to live for the next year to two years without actually visiting the country. Yeah, crazy pretty much describes it. 

This is a super exciting opportunity that we are both beyond thrilled about, but also, absolutely terrified. So much has to happen for everything to work out, and our timeframe is getting smaller and smaller. I have no doubt that things will work out, because we really feel like this is where we are being led, but seeing the end result right now with all the loose ends floating around is difficult. 

3 months from now, we could be living in London. Well, ok, likely will be living in London. Whoa.