---
layout: post
title: "Visas!"
date: 2012-07-12 18:06
author: "Lee"
comments: true
external-url: 
categories: 
---

As you can probably guess from the title, we got our UK entry clearance sorted this week and were issued our visas.  Pretty nifty for me, considering I've never actually had anything in any of my passports! (Mexico doesn't count, and my only other foreign travels have been via cruises, and they don't stamp your passport in either of those cases.)

The biometrics appointments were a breeze.  Contrary to what I've read elsewhere, our process was quick and painless; even though they scheduled our appointments an hour apart, we both had the same experience: it only took about 2 minutes to get called up after we arrived and then maybe another 5 minutes to do the fingerprinting, and we were done!  Afterwards, I drove straight downtown to hand off all the paperwork (including our passports) to the attorneys, and crossed my fingers that they'd have the passports back in time for our trip next week.  Remarkably, the British Consulate in New York turned them around in just a couple days, and with overnight shipping back and forth we had them back on Wednesday.  Potential crisis averted!

So, we leave for London on Tuesday to find somewhere to live.  This will be my first transatlantic flight, and my first non-Mexico, non-cruise-related visit to a foreign country, so you could say I'm looking forward to it.  (Stephanie studied abroad in Spain over a summer during college, so she's done all of those before.)  I'm also biting my nails a bit at the prospect of trying to find somewhere to live in the week leading up to the Olympics (there's a large market for home rentals during the Olympics), but we've found plenty of places we've liked on-line in the last couple days, so here's hoping it won't be an issue.

