---
layout: post
title: "Now What?"
date: 2012-05-07
author: "Stephanie"
comments: true
categories: 
---

So, we've taken the last several days and spent quite a bit of time crunching numbers, and researching costs, and trying to figure out how everything will add up. Lee's company is providing a decent COLA (cost of living adjustment) in addition to his salary, plus a good amount for moving expenses. But we have no idea if I will be working, so yeah... Fun stuff. Lots of Excel speadsheets and whatnot.

The good news is, that we've pretty much decided that we would be crazy not to take this opportunity. Now, we just have to figure out the timing. The Olympics taking place in London this summer is kind of throwing kinks into our ideal timeframe. Ideally, Lee would head over for a week or two about a month before we plan to go. This would hopefully give him time to find a flat, and get some of the other details worked out. But given the time frame we have in mind, that would have him heading over about the same time as the Olympics. Not really such a good idea. So there's that.

And then there's our cats. As much as I've never been an animal person, I'm now pretty sure it is because I've never had a pet of my own. I can't even imagine the idea of leaving them here and having someone else adopt them. But also just thinking of everything involved in bringing them with us is a bit daunting. Even with as much research as we've done over the past few weeks, we can't fully grasp everything involved. 

I'm overwhelmed and a little worried about how everything will work out. But I've read several times, written by several different people, that it is a huge pain to get over there, but once you are there, it's totally worth it. You are living in London, and all the frustration it took to get there fades away. I'm kind of banking on that feeling at this point. 

So now comes the big question; Now what? We've decided to go, but beyond that, we don't know what out next step is. We did go and get passport photos of Lee taken since his passport would expire while we are gone. It has been exciting the last few days as we've started shifting our language from 'if' to 'when'. I guess we'll see what happens next.